{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red65\green66\blue64;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I want to create a web based teleprompter system for VO work at my job.\'a0 We record a lot of VO and have a teleprompter system that uses a database made in File Maker Pro.\'a0 It's old school and we can't use it at any studio we want to because not everyone has File Maker Pro.\'a0 I want to create an html based system that will read the script data from an XML file (exported from Microsoft Excel) and display it on screen for the actor to read while we are recording.\'a0 There will be "next asset" and "previous asset" buttons, an "Asset name" text field, and a "Dialog line" text field.\'a0 The tricky part is getting it to display each asset and dialog line individually on a single page and then click through to the next line, etc.\'a0 I also want the text boxes to adjust to the amount of text in them.\'a0 So if it's a short line, the text size would adjust and the size of the box would adjust, same if it's a long line, the text size would get smaller and the text box would get bigger.\'a0\'a0\'a0\
\
I'll need HTML, CSS, and Javascript.\'a0 I don't think I'll need to utilize any HTML tables.\'a0 I will need event handlers for the click commands of the buttons, and some sort of script to get the text size and boxes to adjust to the incoming lines.\'a0 I also have no idea how I will take the XML data from the file and display it individually on screen.\'a0 I think that's going to have to be a database of some sort.\'a0\'a0\'a0}